# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`hitch`](#hitch): Class: hitch ===========================  Full description of class hitch here.  Parameters ----------

#### Private Classes

* `hitch::config`: == Class hitch::config  This class is called from hitch for service config.
* `hitch::install`: == Class hitch::install  This class is called from hitch for install.
* `hitch::service`: == Class hitch::service  This class is meant to be called from hitch. It ensure the service is running.

### Defined types

* [`hitch::domain`](#hitchdomain): == Define hitch::domain  This define installs pem files to the config root, and configures them in the hitch config file.  The CA certificate

## Classes

### `hitch`

Class: hitch
===========================

Full description of class hitch here.

Parameters
----------

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `hitch` class.

##### `package_name`

Data type: `String`

Package name for installing hitch.

##### `service_name`

Data type: `String`

Service name for the hitch service.

##### `user`

Data type: `String`

User running the service.

##### `group`

Data type: `String`

Group running the service.

##### `file_owner`

Data type: `String`

User owning the configuration files. Defaults to "root".

##### `dhparams_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Path to file for Diffie-Hellman parameters, which are shared
by all domains.

##### `dhparams_content`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Content for the DH parameter file.  If unset, DH parameters will
be generated on the node, which may take a long time.

##### `config_root`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Configuration root directory. Default: /etc/hitch/

##### `purge_config_root`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, will delete all unmanaged files from the config_root.
Defaults to false.

##### `frontend`

Data type: `Variant[String, Array]`

The listening frontend(s) for hitch.

##### `manage_repo`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, install the EPEL repository on RedHat OS family.

##### `config_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`



##### `backend`

Data type: `String`



##### `write_proxy_v2`

Data type: `Enum['on', 'off']`



##### `ciphers`

Data type: `String`



##### `domains`

Data type: `Optional[Hash]`



##### `workers`

Data type: `Variant[Integer, Enum['auto']]`



##### `prefer_server_ciphers`

Data type: `Enum['on','off']`



##### `alpn_protos`

Data type: `Optional[String]`



##### `tls_protos`

Data type: `Optional[String]`



## Defined types

### `hitch::domain`

== Define hitch::domain

This define installs pem files to the config root, and configures
them in the hitch config file.

The CA certificate (if present), server certificate, key and DH
parameters are concatenated, and placed in the hitch configuration.

You can specify cacert, cert and key with either _content or _source
suffix.

Parameters:

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `hitch::domain` defined type.

##### `ensure`

Data type: `Enum['present', 'absent']`

The desired state of the hitch domain.  Default is 'present'.

Default value: `present`

##### `default`

Data type: `Boolean`

If there are multiple domains, set this to true to make this the
default domain used by hitch.  If there is only one domain, it
will be the default domain no matter what you set here. Defaults
to false.

Default value: ``false``

##### `cacert_content`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

A PEM encoded CA certificate.

Default value: ``undef``

##### `cacert_source`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Filesource]`

Path to a PEM encoded CA certificate.

Default value: ``undef``

##### `cert_content`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

A PEM encoded certificate. This must be a certificate matching the
key.

Default value: ``undef``

##### `cert_source`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Filesource]`

Path to a PEM encoded certificate. This must be a certificate
matching the key.

Default value: ``undef``

##### `key_content`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

A PEM encoded key. This must be a key matching the certificate.

Default value: ``undef``

##### `key_source`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Filesource]`

Path to a PEM encoded key. This must be a key matching the
certificate.

Default value: ``undef``

